[Clickhouse] add DateTime64 type support (#24344)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/clickhouse.rst

    If you used a different name for your catalog properties file, use
    that catalog name instead of ``clickhouse`` in the above examples.

PrestoDB to ClickHouse Type Mapping
-----------------------------------

========================================== ========================= =====================================================================
**PrestoDB Type**                          **ClickHouse Type**       **Notes**
========================================== ========================= =====================================================================
BOOLEAN                                    UInt8                     ClickHouse uses UInt8 as boolean, restricted values to 0 and 1.
TINYINT                                    Int8
SMALLINT                                   Int16
INTEGER                                    Int32
BIGINT                                     Int64
REAL                                       Float32
DOUBLE                                     Float64
DECIMAL                                    Decimal(precision, scale) The precision and scale are dynamic based on the PrestoDB type.

> CHAR / VARCHAR                             String                    The String type replaces VARCHAR, BLOB, CLOB, etc., from other DBMSs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CHAR / VARCHAR                             String                    The String type replaces VARCHAR, BLOB, CLOB, and related types from other DBMSs.
```
Avoid using Latin abbreviations. See the GitLab Developer Documentation Style Guide [Recommended Word List entry for etc.](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#etc) for discussion and suggestions. I have suggested one possibility but if this doesn't work for you please think of another.

    If you used a different name for your catalog properties file, use
    that catalog name instead of ``clickhouse`` in the above examples.

PrestoDB to ClickHouse Type Mapping

> ====================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----------------------------------
```
When I built the doc locally, this heading `PrestoDB to ClickHouse Type Mapping` was missing completely. I replaced `====` with `----` and the heading displays in a local build. See screenshots. 

Before
<img width="789" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 9 44 42 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/808f67c2-8bc9-451f-b340-357d5b880f80" />

After
<img width="799" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 9 45 18 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38a6c571-b1c7-4789-88f6-67a966075f57" />

Also, please make sure the formatting line (93) has exactly the same number of characters as in the line (92) being formatted.

Author: Ah, good catch. I used an only viewer and completely forgot the header should also show. Pushed the change

**PrestoDB Type**                          **ClickHouse Type**       **Notes**
========================================== ========================= =====================================================================================================
BOOLEAN                                    UInt8                     ClickHouse uses UInt8 as boolean, restricted values to 0 and 1.
TINYINT                                    Int8
SMALLINT                                   Int16
INTEGER                                    Int32
BIGINT                                     Int64
REAL                                       Float32
DOUBLE                                     Float64
DECIMAL                                    Decimal(precision, scale) The precision and scale are dynamic based on the PrestoDB type.
CHAR / VARCHAR                             String                    The String type replaces VARCHAR, BLOB, CLOB, etc., from other DBMSs.
VARBINARY                                  String
DATE                                       Date

> TIMESTAMP                                  DateTime64(3)             Timestamp with 3 digits of millisecond precision. This is tested against Clickhouse-Server 23.12.2.59

Reviewer 2: I would recommend leaving out last sentence with the clickhouse server version. It is unlikely this doc will be updated if we upgrade the test server in the future.

========================================== ========================= =====================================================================================================

Unsupported types
-----------------
If a column type is not supported, an exception is thrown with the message: `Unsupported column type`.

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is necessary, unless you want to specify a list of actual types
